---
slug: "2020-12-30-good-bye-2020"
locale: "en"
title: "Looking Back at 2020"
publishedAt: "2020-12-30T00:00:00.000Z"
updatedAt: "2026-05-08T19:41:45.231Z"
draft: false
tags: []
seo:
  title: "Looking Back at 2020"
  description: "A look back at 2020"
translation:
  disabled: false
  sourceLocale: "ja"
  sourceSlug: "2020-12-30-good-bye-2020"
  sourceVersion: "b40db9ea859de306fa5f7219e53feb962a2fb53f5596bafa36df3266913a8405"
generation:
  sourceHash: "4844d3ee178aa765f5155f7dce6f92eab9b47ccd00bb3f6a29c0afd614f05a4e"
  status: "published"
---

I'm starting to get sleepy just before heading to the arcade, so I'll keep this brief.

## Home

I started living alone in Tokyo this year.

I currently live near Akihabara and it's comfortable, so I have no plans to move for a while.

The rent is high and it's tough, so I want to work hard and increase my annual income.

## beatmania IIDX

I obtained SP Kaiden.

I had been playing intermittently since I was in high school. That's one less regret in life.

I think I'll keep playing.

## University

While enrolled, I became so invested in my current job that I took a leave of absence, but since there was no prospect of returning, I dropped out.

That's one more regret in life (Note: I dropped out of my own volition).

It seems I'm better suited for places where you learn immediately applicable skills, rather than institutions like universities that cover broad, foundational topics that aren't necessarily useful right away.

Or perhaps the two years I spent as a ronin removed any margin for time.

I'll look forward to my next life.

## Work

After various twists and turns, I returned to being a software engineer.

I've realized that being a software engineer suits me well.

I am confident that I can be in a state where I provide the most value in this job.

As a simple litmus test, I think it's about whether you feel like you want to grow or study even outside of work hours, and whether that feels effortless.

---

I thought about writing my goals for next year, but I plan to make that a separate entry (Goals for this year).

That's all for now.
