---
slug: "2021-11-23-m1-pro"
locale: "en"
title: "I bought a MacBook Pro"
publishedAt: "2021-11-23T00:00:00.000Z"
updatedAt: "2026-05-08T19:32:07.761Z"
draft: false
tags: []
seo:
  title: "I bought a MacBook Pro"
translation:
  disabled: false
  sourceLocale: "ja"
  sourceSlug: "2021-11-23-m1-pro"
  sourceVersion: "7810e33b4293dfbe7da90a05cc46bb91e7c318f77b2ed4840d139afc2d307e52"
generation:
  sourceHash: "b6fc9b1fb12ae15501dd84bcbd4e2b247ad6165ed74ddffa2311eb13bef0baeb"
  status: "published"
---

I bought the entry-level model of the recently released MacBook Pro (14-inch, 2021).

I have an impatient personality—when I want something, I want it right away—so I prioritized getting it quickly rather than customizing it and waiting a month.

Although the keyboard is a Japanese layout, I exclusively use an external keyboard (HHKB) nowadays, so honestly, I don't think it will be much of an issue.

Regarding CPU/GPU performance, they were already well-regarded with the M1, so I'm not worried about the entry-level model having two fewer CPU and GPU cores respectively. However, the 16GB of memory was my biggest concern.

As it turns out, after using it for a few days, it hasn't been a problem at all.

About half a month ago, I built an Ubuntu desktop machine and have been using VSCode Remote for development, so I haven't installed Docker on the MacBook Pro (though I might need to eventually).

You might think, "Why not just use an M1 MacBook Air/Pro instead of the M1 Pro?" but I usually use multiple external monitors, and since the standard M1 doesn't support that natively, I had passed on those models.

Until now, I had been using a MacBook Pro (16-inch, 2019) (which I believe was also close to the entry-level model).

So far, I haven't heard the fans run loud while building software or setting up my development environment, so I'm glad I bought it. I don't think I'll feel any constraints with this machine for a while.

Apple Silicon support for applications is also progressing, but the following apps I use were not yet supported:

- Some Adobe products (like After Effects)
- Alacritty (I switched to iTerm2)
- Discord
- Google Japanese Input
- Logi Options (for key assignments on my MX Ergo, etc.)
- OBS
